excited to be with you all today. Uh
we're going to do a reactionary video,
but we're going to pray for the uh peace
of Jerusalem. We're going to pray for uh
the peace of Israel and and and for the
for protection over this ground invasion
that the the casu the civilian
casualties. We're going to pray over
those. We're going to pray for for for
protection over the peace of all the
people, you know, the the innocent
people that are involved in this. We
need to pray for them, you know, that
God would put a a shield of protection
that they would they would find Jesus.
If they don't know Jesus, they would
find Jesus in the midst of the chaos.
That there would be angelic visitations
and manifestations of his glory even in
the midst of tragedy today. You know, I
told you all I make these videos for for
you to get plugged in, to get you
excited about prayer, to get you uh to
to sitting at his feet to to to know him
more so that if you're in a dry season
and you're by yourself at your house or
you're on your way to work, you could
put this on your phone and and and
listen to prayer as you're going to work
today or tomorrow or whatever day you're
going or if you're doing uh cooking or
whatever that this would be a time of
intercessory prayer. you pray with me
and we pray with sister Lynn here and
this this group of people and um so I
just want to encourage you all today.
It's a it's a season to step in and go
higher. It's come up to go it's time to
go up higher with the fire. It's time to
go up higher. He the Lord the Lord has
spoke to me so strong on Thursday. I had
a visitation from the Lord and he told
me it's time to come up higher and stop
being so carnal. It's time to It's time.
It He said heaven is getting ready. It's
in It's invading Earth. There's a
There's a glorious outpouring that is
that is covering. It's going to be a
massive revival that's about to take
place over this this land. And so I want
I want you to be a part of it. I want to
be a part of it. I'm excited about it.
But we're going to get there through
intercessory prayer. That's how they did
it in every single revival before. And
that's how we're going to do it again.
Oh,
how we praise you. Oh, how we praise
you. Oh, how we praise you, Jesus.
[Music]
Hallelujah. Hallelujah.
Now, we're going to start lifting up
this ground invasion into Gaza.
Hallelujah. Hallelujah.
Chariots of God.
[Music]
up. So the people
[Laughter]
your sister.
Now my eyes
open.
We bind and take
[Music]
you know how to work. You know how
[Laughter]
darkness
of your ears. Your ears. Your ears
are ready. We are
[Applause]
foreign.
Leo Ramboi Leonio
Ramo Leo
Broady Grande Roto Rebea
Rio
Leo
Leo Leo Rioto
Raanda
Leo
[Applause]
in America right now in the name of
Jesus.
We respond to the spirit of God and main
[Music]
door
in the name of
Jesus name.
Arizona.
[Music]
I am so good.
Yes, Lord. We are marching
right with them. We are marching. We are
marching.
[Music]
Oh yes. Oh
no.
[Music]
Fore! Foreign! Foreign!
foreign.
[Applause]
[Music]
Papa
All of the names, Father. Ohana
[Music]
door.
[Laughter]
little
take them out.
way. You will not come in that way.
Angels, angels.
Everybody, everybody
[Music]
I'm modern day.
Yes.
Yes. Father
told me no more.
All the significance
all the
now.
No, no entrance
there. No.
Attention.
[Music]
Father, are you
Angels are loose.
and their mighty motor.
[Music]
Hallelujah.
Foreign
speech. Foreign speech. Foreign speech.
I'm
[Music]
almost. Almost almost
very very very
Yes,
we will not be distracted
but we will come. Let's just sing
everyone. Let's sing. Let's sing right
now. Hallelujah. Hold our place right
here and sing. Hold our place in the
spirit here in tones. Sing in tones.
[Music]
That's actually helping.
All the way.
[Music]
I'm processing. I'm processing. I'm
processing. Oh, the Lord. The Lord.
The Lord. The Lord.
[Music]
The impossible. Hallelujah.
[Applause]
[Music]
foreign.
No, you don't.
Hallelujah.
Thank God. Hallelujah. Praise you Jesus.
Now
Hallelujah.
Where?
Where? Father where? Yes.
Arabia. Arabia.
Arabia.
Syria. Syria. Syria.
Plotting and plotting and planning and
plotting and planning and plotting.
We see you. We see you. We see you. And
we say no. No. You stop. You stop now.
You stop it now.
Yes.
You stop now.
Now in the
bind you
maneuvers
thank you Jesus so
bad.
Because she's a little
single
I found myself saying in Hebrew while we
were praying I just listened in and
there it was
uh macakarabala
and that means what happened in the
night time.
Yes.
And I believe we can handle what
happened in the night time and stop it.
Assist.
Desist
it.
Desist in your maneuvers.
Stop now. Stop it. Stop it in the name
of Jesus.
Angels go in the name of Jesus.
In the name of Jesus every
right now.
Hallelujah.
in my
in my spirit. I'm trying to get back to
America, but he's he keeps he doesn't
let me go there. So even though I keep
in my self trying to get there, he
doesn't let me go there. So I have to
just wait here. And we're actually
praying in tongues. I'm trying to get an
entrance back into America.
I can see this so clear.
I know what to do. I know what to do.
Bring the flag. Bring the two flags over
here.
America.
Bring the flags. Bring the flags over
here. Bring them over there. Right over
there. Put them out in the front over
there quickly. Quickly.
They're behind.
Hallelujah. Some big strong men come and
do that.
Are they heavy?
Where?
Hurry, hurry. Big strong men somewhere.
Hurry.
There they come. There they come. And
put them over there where we Everybody
can see them. Right over there to the
right.
Yes.
Uh, no. I think over What do you think,
Lyn? I think over
right over there on the straight part.
Yeah.
Yeah. I should go.
I
put them really close together. Yes.
I got this in the spirit while ago.
Really close together. Like
Oh my Jesus.
Hallelujah.
Oh my Jesus. Oh my Jesus.
[Applause]
Hallelujah. Hallelujah.
Visha
looch.
[Applause]
Yes, father. Brother Rex. Brother Rex.
Brother Rex.
Come over there by the flag and blow the
chauffear.
Jesus,
you need that.
Yeah.
[Music]
people.
[Applause]
[Music]
Oh,
come.
[Music]
It will come.
[Applause]
[Music]
body.
Adore you. Come on.
She
[Music]
believe. I believe.
These are the ram's horn caught in the
thicket.
They call for the Messiah. They're also
a call to war. This one is the
Ashkanazi. This represents the Jews who
were in diaspora
in uh Europe and other places. This is
the Yemenite. This represents the Safari
Jews, the ones who are on all the other
parts in Yemen and the other parts. All
of jewelry is is is represented here and
of course in the flags
war and call for Messiah
for the assembling of the troops
for the assembling of the
soldiers
force the air force the army
together. Together,
one
of
We call you the gold
of America.
The prayers of the saints are working
with you. The prayers of the saints are
working with the even in the sleeper
cells in America.
All hidden, all hidden things be
revealed in the name of Jesus.
Expose
expose them.
Expose the darkness.
Expose the darkness in the name of
Jesus. Oh, in the name the
like a rat, we expose you in Jesus name.
Stop
the angels.
Uhhuh. And it won't be long till the
hailstones fall
till the stars in the sky are
the god of justice. The god of
vengeance. The god of vengeance. The god
of vengeance. Arrives. foreign.
[Applause]
[Music]
Yeah,
merit.
We got a note yesterday.
uh from someone whose brother-in-law
um is the border guard in the southern
border in Arizona
and uh they reported that there was a
crossing 150 Syrian into Arizona
and um
uh they're calling for jihad and a day
of rage. Is that right? Here
in America. And uh this is just uh sent
to us uh from Heather that in Chicago a
Palestinian walked into a Jewish center
and shot the receptionist.
So in the name of Jesus, we stopping
this.
We are called right at the right time.
We're here.
We're here
and we fight from there and here.
That's right. And actually we're there.
We're there now.
We're there right now.
We're calling the shots. Yes. In the
name of Jesus,
lead us.
You have to stop.
Stop. You have to stop.
You stop it.
You have to desist.
You cease and desist your maneuvering
right now
in the name of Jesus.
In the name of Jesus.
We bind and
we bind you.
We take authority over you.
You b we you you will not touch us.
You will not hurt our families. You
cannot
You will not
You cannot harass.
We bind you in Jesus name.
We cast you down.
You are under our feet
by the blood.
We have authority over you.
There will no be calam no calamity come
n uses.
No calamity come nigh us in the name of
Jesus.
We're always in the right place at the
right time.
We're filled with control by the Holy
Ghost
and we are seated with you in the
heavenlies and we take our authority
right now in the name of Jesus.
You will not do this to our land.
You will not do this to our people. Any
churches today, any churches today that
are that are in going into worship and
fellowship, you will not cause any drama
in church.
We call a hedge of protection. We send
angels out right now in the name of
Jesus.
In the name of Jesus.
We bind you in the name of Jesus.
You cannot
terrorist terror. No terror comes n us.
The blood. The blood. The blood. All
hidden things be revealed.
All hidden things be revealed.
Large public gatherings. We call forth
an exposing of any plots of wickedness
that tries to come against this land. We
call them exposed. We call them exposed
in the name of Jesus.
Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah.
You go there in the name of Jesus right
now. Go there right now.
All hidden things be revealed.
Hallelujah.
[Music]
of God. We need to call on the
covenants. covenant.
So good to go.
The covenants with God.
Yes. Have a covenant.
And the covenants of our covenant with
God.
The covenants of our patriot father.
Yes. Father
that was made with you, God. We have a
covenant that we stand with. Stand up
right now. We stand. have a covenant
with you again in Jesus name
of the United States of America
black coat
brigade made by all of our patriots God
they're written before you God they're
there before
We are the American people
and we call absolutely call on our
covenant for we are a covenant people
with God and Israel is your covenant
people and your covenant you are bound.
We stand in the gap for America.
Father we stand in the gap for this
great nation. Father we call on the
blood of the covenant. Oh father there
be a repenting Jesus Christ of Nazareth.
I thank you father slain but risen again
[Music]
stand in our
battle. Say it after me. Hallelujah.
Hallelujah.
[Music]
And the singers went forth in front of
the armies.
Thank you, Father.
And they sang of the hassid of the Lord.
Hastau is his hessid. He's obligated to
keep the covenants. And they went forth
declaring before heaven, earth, sea, and
skies, and all that in the midst that
they were a covenant people with a
creator. And we are a covenant people.
The United States of America is a
covenant people. And we are coming to
our destiny that God designed, not the
enemy would try to infiltrate today.
Thank you, Jesus.
We plead the blood.
We plead the blood of Jesus over us.
No weapon formed against us.
We plead the blood.
Sing it.
Sing after me. We plead the blood.
We plead the blood.
The covenant blood.
Covenant blood.
Hallelujah.
Brother Bill
U Pale's astronaut has something he
wants to share about America and Israel.
He's Yes, you can come up here and give
him a microphone. He's the one who
circled the earth.
Well,
praise God.
I felt great breakthrough when we
praying together today. I just want to
say thank you for joining me. You know,
I I I that that was very powerful. I
could feel the presence of the Lord all
over me when I was in my in praying with
y'all. Um I'm encouraged. You know, I
believe there's there there, like I
said, there's power in in prayer and
there's power in corporate prayer. I
know that it's it we can pray by oursel
and we we get a lot accomplished. But
boy, when we come as a as an army, when
we come as that body and we we go before
his throne boldly and decree and declare
and and and bring down strongholds,
tearing down strongholds, tearing down
things the devil's trying to set up and
saying, "You ain't going to do it. You
don't have a right to come in and try to
mess up our land. You have You have done
too much too much. Thus far and no
further. No more. No more. You know
what? He has tried to ramrod his way in
and and and now with this government and
with what's going on. And we're going to
turn things around. We're going to pray
and we're going to it's going to get
better because I know just like what she
was talking about. We have a covenant
with a God who loves us. We have a
covenant. Our forefathers made covenant
with God saying that this would be a
land of of a Christian nation.
I will stand on that too and say we are
a Christian nation and we're turning
back to God. There is an awakening unto
God happening as even right now. And I
hope I hope you're encouraged today
because you know I I am. I I I'm
excited. I'm excited. Let's Let's get
excited. The joy of the Lord is our
strength today. The joy of the Lord is
our strength. No weapon formed against
you is going to prosper. Every tongue
that rises against you, you condemn it.
You've got to condemn those words that
people say try to speak out out over
your life. I condemn those words right
now in the name of Jesus. You got every
tongue that rises against you, you
condemn it. Condemn him. Say, "Nope.
You're not going to bear fruit in my
life. You're not going to touch me in my
house. As for me in my house, we're
going to serve the Lord. And we're going
to serve him with all our heart, mind,
soul, and strength. Love the Lord your
God with all your heart, all your mind,
all your soul, and all your strength.
and love your neighbor as yourself.
Remember that today. You got to keep a
smile on your face and a song in your
heart. And Jesus loves you so much. You
got to remember that he loves you. Jesus
loves you. Jesus loves you. Jesus loves
you. And he's coming soon. And so I just
bless you all in the name of Jesus. I
bless every one of you. I bless your
your health and your finances and all of
your mental and your emotions today and
your marriages today that there is a
good day coming. There's a good day.
This is the day the Lord has made and
we'll rejoice and be glad in it. We're
going to be happy today and be excited
about life.
So, just like I was just saying, I'm
going to end it there. Put a smile on
your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we will see
you next time. You all have a blessed
day. Bye-bye.